Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What?
Girl. fuck that. Just leave.
I know. Like...
I obviously don't mind paying.
but what a weird way
to start off a date.
That's what I'm sayin'.
Is this what you tell your kids?
"Oh. it was so romantic
before our first date. y'all.
"He texted me. 'FYI.
this place is cash only.'"
No.
I'm already here.
Girl...
I'm really fuckin' hungry.
Mmm.
I don't know. Hopefully.
it'll make for a good story.
Call me after.
- Love you.
- Okay. I love you more.
- Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye!
Okay. let's do this.
So I love hot sauce.
I literally just put it
on every single thing
I can find around the house sometimes.
From pizza to chicken wings.
Even though it gives me
terrible acid reflux.
- Mmm.
- It makes its way up to my throat
and I literally feel like
I'm gonna vomit.
- So...
- Oh. yeah. That. um. sucks.
- Mmm.
- But I love it. so...
- Yeah.
Like. I love wasabi. but. um.
Mexican spices
would be too much for me.
- Mmm. Yeah. I get that.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Mmm.
What?
I had this crazy thought. I...
I just feel like...
the women
in our parents' generation.
they just cared more
about how they dressed
and just. kind of. how they looked.
They were more into femininity.
- You know what I mean?
- Mmm.
Like. nowadays. I feel like girls.
they just wear
oversized everything.
like it's a blanket.
Do you know what I mean?
You know what I'm saying. right?
- Um...
- It's like...
'Cause I think you would
just look great in a dress.
Not that you don't look good
in a sweater.
- but I mean. if you were...
- You guys okay?
Uh. yeah. Um. pretty much
done. actually. Thank you.
Cool. Yeah. we'll just
get this wrapped up then.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Oh. did you bring cash?
Yeah. You reminded me. so...
My brother is coming into town.
If it's cool. I'm just gonna
snag these leftovers
and. uh. I guess
I'll just let you leave...
Cool. No. Yeah.
...a couple bucks less
on the tip.
If that makes sense.
Your scarf is dipping
into the noodles.
Oh. fuck!
Shit!
I love this scarf. Um...
Excuse me? Excuse me.
Quick. come.
Hi. do you have sparkling water?
- Sparkling.
- Mmm-hmm. Yeah.
- Bubble. You know bubbles?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
And a lemon. please?
I don't know if she understood
what I said.
I don't think she speaks English.
That was. uh. that was fun.
You're really cute.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
We should do this again sometime.
Yeah. look. Chad. um...
Yeah.
Oh. I... I don't
think we're really a match.
You know?
Wow.
I was literally just being polite.
You're not even my type.
to be honest. so...
Okay.
Oh. that's funny?
"Ha-ha. it's hilarious"? Yeah.
Okay. Good luck finding a guy.
you stuck-up bitch.
Um...
What the fuck.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. Stupid idiot.
Can you please
just text him and write.
"Fuck you and your
ugly-ass scarf. bitch."
Oh. see. I wish I thought
of that in the moment.
Instead I just stood there like an idiot.
- Let's switch.
- Yeah.
I don't know how you do it. Mollie.
Do what?
Dating people.
And I always end up alone.
Which. by the way.
I'm very okay with.
No. no. What?
You do not need a man. okay?
Or anybody. for that matter.
It's just the way we've been raised
since fuckin' Disney movies.
- Yeah. Fuck Ariel.
- Fuck her.
Stupid bitch left the whole sea for a man.
Come on. now.
Like. fuck... Fuck Beauty.
Yeah. fuck the Beast.
I am the beast.
You are the beast! Get it!
Time. everyone!
Whoo! Great job today. huh?
I mean that.
Now give yourselves a round of applause.
Whoo!
Great job!
- Bam!
- Ah!
- You are powerful!
- Look at how strong you are.
- Look at this.
Oh. fuck.
Have you ever had these?
Grapes?
No. Cotton Candy grapes.
They taste just like them.
I'm not kiddin'.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I told my sister and niece.
They were like.
"No way. fuck you."
So now I'm getting them
on my way there.
Your niece said. "Fuck you"?
Yeah. Four-year-olds are crazy.
All right.
I can tell you don't believe me.
so you're gonna have to try one.
I don't want you leaving here
thinking I'm a weirdo.
Okay.
- Right?
- Holy shit. Mmm.
- Wow.
- Science.
Yeah. Go science.
Do you live around here?
'Cause I live on aisle six.
I just come to the fruit section
to talk to random.
very good-looking people
that stand near it.
That was terrible.
That was kinda terrible.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's fine.
Have a good night.
Okay. You. too.
You know what? Fuck it.
I'm already ruining this.
so I'm just gonna keep goin'.
Do you think
I could have your number?
- Oh.
- It's really just so I have a story
for my sister and my niece
when I see them.
Because I think we're
gonna talk about the grapes.
Oh. of course. Yeah.
Then I can tell them
that I met someone else
who feels the same way.
Sure. Makes sense. yeah.
Okay.
We can meet here next week
to talk about the broccoli if you want.
Sounds good.
Oh.
- Mist.
- Rain forest.
Always good to have a little mist. Noa.
- Yes. mystery.
- Yeah.
I'm Steve.
- It's nice to meet you.
- You. too.
I'm not gonna text you.
but I'll really want to.
Good night.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Your number?
- In a grocery store?
- Yeah.
- The other night?
- Yes.
And you're just now
telling me today?
Wow.
When you think you had a friend.
No. I just think it was weird.
you know? He was...
He was cute and funny and...
Mmm. Okay.
I didn't think people met people
in real life anymore. you know?
He's probably married.
Thank you for that.
Yes. he's probably married.
Probably.
Like. I'm already thinking
about the fact
- he hasn't texted.
- Mmm.
That's one of the things
I love about dating women.
Less games. more emotional dependence.
you know?
So don't play the games.
just be you straight out the gate.
Fuck it.
Maybe.
Hey. do you want to come over later?
- I could use some emotional dependence.
- Aww.
Well. my emotional dependence
ain't cheap. boo.
Let me tell you.
- Hi.
- Hey!
How you doin'?
- Good. thanks. How are you?
- Good. Good.
This place is really nice.
- Yeah.
- The bears are. you know...
Yeah. It's like the perfect amount
of. you know. grimy. but hip.
Exactly.
- You guys know what you want?
- Hi. Um...
Can I get a Manhattan with. like.
as many cherries as you can spare. please?
- Cherries. I like that.
- I love cherries.
Yeah. I'll do
one more of these. thank you.
Copy.
Here you go. Here.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Ay-yo.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- I'm Steve.
- Oh.
Noa.
Um...
All right. so. uh...
Here come the dumb questions.
Where are you from?
Um.
I'm from the East Coast originally.
- yeah.
- Nice.
What about you?
- I'm from Texas. Yeah.
- Oh. Cool.
What brought you out here?
My second residency.
- Oh! Residency.
- Yeah.
Are you a doc...
- A doctor?
- I'm a doctor. Yeah.
Oh! Wow!
- Yeah. Yeah. Um...
- That's impressive.
I just... I work
in reconstructive surgery.
You mean. um. plastic surgery.
- Yup. That's the one.
- Right.
- There's only one.
- Okay.
But it's not all nose jobs.
No. of course.
You got. you know...
- Boob jobs.
- You got your butt lifts.
- Implants.
- Face-lifts
- Face-lifts.
But you know. once in a while
I get to help somebody.
which is nice though.
There was this kid
the other day who came in.
who had an accident
and he was badly burned.
So there's that. too.
I was just kidding. Sorry.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
- That is amazing.
- Don't worry.
That work for you?
- Wow. Yes.
- That do the trick?
- 'Cause that's all we got.
- I'm sorry. That's...
Perfect.
I only meant. like. a couple.
Thank you.
Cheers.
So. what about your family?
Uh... Well. I. um.
I don't have any siblings
and my dad died a while back. so...
I'm not sure where my mom is anymore
because we don't talk.
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry.
It's fine. Um...
- What about your family?
- Oh...
My dad is in Texas
and my mom passed away. actually.
- Sorry.
- So... But it's...
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay. It's okay.
Well. we have something
in common. I guess.
- Yeah. dead parents.
- Yeah.
- Perfect.
- Great.
Let's cheers to that.
...coordinated like that.
- So you don't have Instagram.
- Nope.
Wow. What about. um. Twitter?
- Definitely not.
- No?
Does anyone say anything smart
on Twitter ever?
That's true.
No way. Come on.
It's the worst.
I mean. how am I supposed
to stalk you now?
You're just gonna
have to do it in person.
You know. Show up at my house.
the old-fashioned way.
Send me a letter!
- That would be nice.
"Dearest..."
"Yours truly."
Okay. I'll do that.
I'd love that.
That'd touch my heart.
That sounds nice.
What?
No. you just have a nice smile.
- Okay.
- You do.
All right. okay. Let's play a game.
Um... Tell me something
you don't want me to know.
- Hmm... Fun game. Okay.
- Yeah.
Ooh. It's risky.
Mmm...
Yes. Um...
I...
hate this.
I mean. um...
Okay. I'm sorry.
Not you. 'cause you seem cool.
but... No. I...
I hate. like. dating.
Mmm.
You know? Everything about it.
The. like...
The awkward preamble.
The. like. questions
and stuff. The. like...
You know. texting.
- The perfect projection.
- Yeah.
Everything about it. Honestly.
I don't know. I just think that. um...
people who. like. believe in true love
are fucking idiots.
So dumb.
- They are.
- They're so dumb.
Like. we put all our hopes of. like.
finding happiness through someone else.
And I just think that. like.
I don't know.
maybe it's not meant for me.
'cause I've. like. been alone so long.
I'm actually pretty good at it.
Fuck it.
What?
No. it's just...
Maybe it's a little too much.
A little too fast.
Oh. wow.
I don't think I've ever heard a guy
say that before.
Um. can I. uh...
Can I get you something
to. like. drink?
Or eat?
No. just...
Just you.
Mmm.
- Morning.
- Good morning.
Hello.
Coffee?
Yeah. yeah. please.
Just to. like. hide that morning breath.
Oh. God. Is it that bad?
Oh. no.
I'm not letting go of your hand.
Get off. Get off.
Oh. we had sex.
Get that D!
Somewhere between the second
and the third drink I was like.
"Fuck it."
And it was actually very freeing.
My "Fuck it" advice
always works. Damn.
Like. I wasn't even worrying
about how I looked
or like. if I was taking too long.
Okay!
What's his Instagram?
I wanna stalk a little bit.
Oh. he doesn't have one.
- Say what?
- Yeah.
Whatcha mean?
Oh. no. see.
that's. that's shady.
I'm sorry. Red flag.
Okay. Whatever.
Stop raining on my sex parade.
Please?
Oh. by the way. um. do you remember Paul?
- Paul?
- He was our bartender.
Oh. yeah. Aw. Paul!
You know. I don't remember
why we stopped hooking up.
He was a good guy.
And a good kisser. too.
Probably because you can't be tamed.
You need to roam free.
That is true.
All right. well. I gotta get back to work.
I love you.
- Okay. love you more. Bye!
- Bye!
You have to try these short ribs.
they're insane.
Yeah. they look really good.
but I. um...
I just don't eat animals.
Oh!
But... But keep eating.
Don't... Don't stop.
In fact. I actually
want you to finish that plate.
I dare you to finish that plate.
- No!
- No. no... Why?
- This is my favorite...
- But it does...
...fucking short ribs.
- Hey. listen. you have to eat the...
- I can't. You've ruined it for me now.
Yeah.
I'm gonna wash my hands.
I think.
So have you. uh.
have you told anyone about me?
Maybe.
My best friend. Mollie.
What did you tell
your best friend. Mollie?
Um. that I met a cool guy.
And I might kind of like him.
- Just. like. a little bit.
- Uh-huh.
- Tell me more about Mollie.
- Um...
Well. we met. like. I think
it was like seven years ago.
um. when I first moved here.
We worked together for a bit.
Think you'd really get along.
Hmm.
I don't know about you.
but I am stuffed.
I think we should dance.
What?
Let's go. Come on.
Yes. Yes. yes.
let's go. let's go.
- I wanna see those moves.
- Okay.
I wanna see those moves.
Get in the center here.
Let me turn this up.
Here we go.
Okay.
Just a little sway.
It's just a little two-step
for now.
- It's all in the little moves.
- It's all in the face.
It's in the shoulders.
I mean. I can hop.
Oh. the hip thrust!
Oh. my God.
Nah. you don't have...
This. That.
- Yeah. To me.
- Oh. no. no. Okay.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Looks like we're salsa-ing.
It's a salsa.
- You are... moves.
- Oh. my God.
I have to. I have to.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
It was a really good picture.
- You need to delete that.
- I will never delete that.
We should go away somewhere.
Do you want to?
Uh. yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. um...
Fuck it. Why not?
I mean. where?
Wherever.
Somewhere... Somewhere nice.
Somewhere... fun.
Maybe it'll be a surprise.
Fuck it.
Yeah.
Um. I'm going away
with Steve for the weekend.
What? Where?
- It's a surprise.
- Hold on. Noa.
Uh-uh. A surprise?
I don't like that.
I'm just gonna go for it.
You said. "Fuck it." remember?
Girl. you all dickmatized.
I haven't even seen this dude.
Oh. shit. I totally forgot. Hold on.
I'm sending you a picture of him.
I mean. he looks cute.
but I can barely even tell. you creep.
Um. he is ridiculously cute.
I'll. um. I'll text you once we get there
and let you know everything. okay?
Okay. fine.
Um. I'm excited for you.
It's a straight girl's fantasy
come true. right?
Right?
- I love you.
- I love you more.
- Bye.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Sorry. My day ran long.
Uh. listen. we're gonna have
to leave in the morning.
I just checked the traffic
and it's a nightmare.
So I figured maybe we go to my place
and then. you know.
we leave first thing tomorrow.
- Is that cool?
- Yeah. Okay.
Look at you.
All right.
I'm excited.
How you doing?
- You all right?
- Yeah. Good.
Fuck. I'm just gonna tell you.
We're going to Cottage Grove.
That's the surprise.
That's it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- That's the surprise?
What?
I've always wanted to go.
You're not just saying that?
I'm not just saying that.
No. I really have.
I mean. I hate surprises.
so I'm kinda glad you told me.
Yeah. it's gonna be good.
Ugh. My cell isn't working.
Yeah. the service is. um.
shitty. but it's gonna
get better at my place.
Cool.
Fresh air. right?
Yeah.
It's amazing.
Who knew?
Oh.
Kinda disappointing.
Sizing me up?
Oh. Yeah.
Smells good.
My sister got me that.
Apparently she thinks I like sandalwood.
Okay.
Do you have. um...
Do you have Wi-Fi?
Still no service.
Fuck. must've gone out again.
By the way.
um. I'm making my own version
of an old-fashioned with a twist.
And. um. it's gonna have
some cherries in it.
Very thoughtful.
Cheers.
- Mmm.
- Mmm?
That's really good.
- Yeah?
- Mmm.
Notice any interesting flavors
in there?
Um...
- Peach?
- No.
Close. very close.
Um...
- Apricot?
- Oh.
- No.
- No?
- What? Fuck.
- So close.
So close. Come on.
Hmm.
- Nectarine?
- Yes!
- Really?
- Yeah. you got it.
Nectarine.
Um...
Your. uh. your house is intimidating.
You're all. like. you know.
fancy cocktails. and I'm like
pancakes out of a bag.
Yeah. but that's what I like about you.
No pretending.
Hmm.
By the way. that. um...
The house in Cottage Grove.
it has a hot tub.
I don't know what you packed
in that big bag of yours.
but adjustable jets.
multiple lights. the whole ordeal.
It's gonna be like
New Year's Eve in there.
What? Sorry.
You're gonna need a bathing suit.
Noa. Noa. look at me.
Why are you sitting so far away?
Come here.
Hey.
Hi.
How did you sleep?
Yeah. good. Um...
What...
What happened?
I drugged you.
What. um...
What's going on. Steve?
I'm gonna tell you.
but you're gonna freak out.
No. no. No. no. no. no.
Hmm. Hmm...
Mmm-mmm.
Steve. can you
take these off. please?
Can't do that.
Can you take these off?
- Can't do that.
- Steve.
Take this off.
I can't do that.
No. No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. No. No.
- No. No. This isn't happening.
- Yeah. it's happening.
This isn't happening.
Yes. it is.
Please. please. please. please.
This is a joke.
Isn't it. Steve?
Look.
why don't you just try to...
- Noa.
- Don't! Don't! Don't!
- I'm gonna stay right here.
- Don't come near me.
- Do not come near me.
- I'm staying right here.
Steve!
Noa.
Come on. Noa. think. What...
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
Steve...
are you gonna rape me?
I'm not gonna rape you.
I like you. Noa. I like you.
All right?
Now. I want you to listen to me
very carefully. okay?
Are you listening to me?
Noa!
There you are.
I'm gonna tell you now.
I'm gonna sell your meat.
People pay me a lot of money for it.
And your hair.
And weird shit like that.
It's a thing.
So...
I'm not...
I'm not gonna kill you...
...uh. right away...
Because the fresher the meat.
the better.
So I'm gonna keep you alive
for as long as I can.
Unless you act up.
All right? But listen. until then.
I'm gonna take care of you.
I'm gonna cook for you.
I'm actually a really good cook.
You don't know it yet.
As long as you don't act up.
nothing bad has to happen. all right?
And look. This isn't bad. right?
By the way. look at the sunset. Look...
Hey. hey. hey. hey...
- Come here. Come here.
- No! No! No!
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
No! No!
Be quiet. Calm down.
Stop being so dramatic.
It's okay.
There you go.
Hi.
where the fuck are you?
You're getting me all freaked out.
Call me or text me.
And I wanna hear where he took you.
Trippin'.
Help me!
He's not here.
Help me. please! Please!
Please. I'll do anything!
I can't...
I can't help you.
We're in the same boat.
Fuck!
Tell me your name.
Noa.
I'm Penny.
I was in town visiting.
Met Steve.
Now I'm slowly...
being eaten.
How long have you been here?
I've lost track.
I'm not even sure what time of day it is.
to be honest.
People have to be looking for you.
Your... Your...
Your friends. your family. the police.
People have to be searching by now.
The problem is.
I don't have much family.
Me neither.
Makes sense.
Are there others?
Just one other
besides us. I think.
Hey. Melissa. can you hear me?
She's lost her mind.
But I get it.
No judgment here.
We have to get out of here.
Hmm...
Motherfucking...
Okay.
Fuck.
Hey.
How are you?
Still angry.
At least try the cake.
I need to shower.
Alone?
It's a joke.
It was a stupid joke.
I'm trying. you know?
I'm trying to...
I'm trying to make you laugh
and it's not working.
Can't you just give me one smile. please?
Just one?
Is that a yes?
Okay.
God. I mean.
you're gonna have to
loosen up a little bit.
I know things are a little different.
but it's still me. you know?
Still the guy I was at the bar that night.
I meant everything I said to you.
Just...
no games. right?
No projections?
Isn't that what you wanted?
Are you gonna be good?
Bad girl.
I don't wanna lose you
I don't want you walking away
We're so good together
I can't move.
I know.
I gave you an epidural.
so you won't feel much.
What are you doing?
Hmm...
I'm taking your ass.
No.
- Yes.
- No.
You lost my trust. Noa.
So there are gonna have to be
consequences.
Don't leave me here
with my restless heart
Please.
I'm cauterizing your ass
so you won't be a bloody mess.
- Please stop.
- Noa. it's gonna be okay.
Hey. I'm a doctor. remember?
Hey.
Yo.
Thanks for letting me stop by.
Yeah. well. you didn't
really give me a choice. so...
Boy. stop acting like
you didn't wanna see me.
And I wanted
to see your face again.
- You wanted to see my face?
- Yeah.
You wanted
to see my face.
I did.
Mollie. you ain't never gonna change.
I still can't give you his info.
If I even had it.
Come on. please?
It's the only connection
that I have right now.
Why don't you just go to the police?
- The police.
- Yeah.
And say what?
That my best friend went away with a guy
and extended her trip
and she's texting me.
but I don't think it's her?
Why not? She white. right?
Don't do that.
No. I'm playin'. I'm playin'.
Listen. I get it.
I get it. But I could
lose my job. Mollie.
Look. she wouldn't just
disappear like this. okay?
Look. I can tell you
when they were here.
Mollie.
She told me
that you were their bartender
and he must have used
a credit card. right?
Look. even just his last name
would be a huge help.
Please?
What are you doing?
She's doing the pouty lip.
Don't do the pouty lip.
Don't do that.
Just think about it. For me?
I'll think about it.
- Can we shake on it?
- You remember that?
- Do you remember it?
- Do I...
Shit.
- Hey.
- Get outta here.
You lookin' good. by the way.
- Me?
- Mmm-hmm.
- It's the beard.
- Mmm.
Yeah. it's connecting now.
Got this new beard oil.
Noa.
How's your ass?
Still gone.
The pain meds are helping me
not care as much.
He's so sweet. right?
I just wanna hurt him. Penny.
It's all I think about.
I can't believe I slept with him.
Wait.
you fucked him?
I never did.
I don't think
any of the others did either.
I am not slut-shaming you.
by the way.
I'd say it's a compliment.
I'm so fucking stupid.
No. You're not.
It is not our fault. Noa.
It's...
always...
theirs.
What...
The fuck?
Get the fuck off me.
Fuck.
Wow. you did it.
Mom. I made it!
Extra cherries.
You've earned it.
Oh. fuck.
I'm so tired.
Woke up at 2:00 a. m. last night
going. "Really? Now?"
I had to be up at 6:00.
Then you know you're not
going back to sleep.
You're up fuckin' three hours later.
How are the meds?
Great. great. great.
Still in denial?
Yeah. Well...
Look. it's gonna take a little time.
but eventually.
you're gonna learn to accept
that things don't always turn out
the way you thought they would.
You know. we all die.
But it's really just how
we decide to go out.
Why did you sleep with me. Steve?
I told you. I. um...
I told you. I liked you.
Anyway. it was a mistake.
All right. try to relax.
Fear and stress isn't good for the meat.
Penny?
Penny. please. just answer already.
Please. Penny.
Penny!
What do you want?
Oh. fuck.
Jesus.
Now. was that so hard?
I'm done. Noa.
No. you're not.
I don't even know who I am anymore.
I hope he fucking chokes.
And then he gets a fucking tapeworm.
And it just eats him
from the inside. slowly.
And that all his weirdo friends
shit and puke out of their eyes
till they all fucking die.
You're such a sweetheart. Penny.
Just...
stay strong.
Okay?
- I'll get you those nuts.
- Thanks.
Whatever you're selling.
I'm not interested.
Oh. no. I'm not
selling anything. Sorry.
My name is Mollie. and...
Do I know you?
No.
But I'm looking
for my friend. Noa.
and I was hoping you could help me.
I think your husband might know her.
It really should only take a minute.
You do realize how strange
that sounds. right?
Yes. I do. and. um...
I don't really know
how to say this. but. um...
I think she may have been
seeing your husband.
What are you talking about?
Hi.
Do you need anything?
No. Thank you.
Okay.
What does it taste like?
Well...
It depends on where it comes from
and how it's prepared.
But...
if it's done right...
it's fucking exquisite.
It's like nothing you've ever had before.
Hmm.
That's it?
Go up to the playroom
while I make dinner. okay?
Yeah! I got here first!
Listen. um...
I'm not even positive
that's my husband in the picture.
You can't really see the face.
Plus I saw him this morning
before he went to work. so...
- Here.
- Thanks.
Honestly. this is...
This is crazy.
You should go to the police
if you're so worried about your friend.
Um...
Does he ever go out of town
- for work or anything?
- No.
Well. they went away to Cottage Grove.
like. a week ago.
and I haven't heard from her
since then and I'm just...
I don't know where that is.
- I'm just worried. okay?
- Yeah. I understand.
I'm really sorry.
Um...
That's my husband right now.
You need to leave. okay?
I'm just desperate. Woman-to-woman.
maybe your husband has more information.
I'm not trying to mess
anything up for anybody here.
I'm just trying to find my friend.
- Hey.
- Hello. Hi.
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
Nothing. This woman was just leaving.
You're Steve. right?
No. I'm Brendan.
But you go by Steve. right?
No. Just Brendan. Who are you?
I'm Mollie. Um...
My friend Noa. uh. I think
you know her. she's missing.
Noa. Um...
No. I'm sorry. I... I don't.
Um...
- Do you. honey?
- No. of course not.
That's terrible. Yeah. I don't know.
I think you have the wrong house.
Yeah. Yeah. you're probably right.
Okay.
- I'm sorry. Sorry about that.
- No.
We're sorry
we couldn't help you.
Sorry about your friend.
I'm just thinking. when's
the last time you saw her?
Oh. it's you.
Mollie. right?
Really shouldn't have done that.
Noa said we'd get along.
Fuck!
Let's see.
So...
why did you ask me what it tasted like?
Um...
I don't know.
I guess I was... curious.
You were curious?
You expect me to believe that?
You can believe what you want.
Okay.
Let's have dinner
and we'll see how curious you are.
Brought you some stuff.
Figured you might wanna...
change.
Mmm.
Fuck.
The boys go down okay?
Mmm-hmm. They asked for you.
How was work?
Good.
Actually. I'm gonna be late
tomorrow night.
Lots to do now with the new product.
Got some big clients expecting deliveries.
I'm gonna take a shower.
Good teamwork today.
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna drug you.
Again.
You better not.
Cheers.
So you mentioned
you were curious.
Yeah.
All right.
what do you wanna know?
Well...
Um...
When did you first try it?
I was. um. 18 or 19.
Nineteen. yeah.
And. look...
it wasn't an overnight thing.
you know?
First. I was actually horrified.
I mean. how could possibly be
capable of doing something like this?
You know. I was a normal kid.
I had friends. I had a normal life.
and now I gotta deal with this thing
that I couldn't share with anybody.
And that killed me.
But I couldn't stop thinking about it.
I couldn't get the. um.
taste out of my mouth.
The texture.
I liked it. I liked the way
it made me feel.
So I thought. "I gotta find out
if there's more out there." you know.
"I can't possibly be the only person
that feels this way."
And I wasn't.
There's a whole community
of people that are devoted to this.
And that's when my life
started making sense.
I mean. it's...
It's a very powerful thing.
This whole world.
if you only knew. It's. um...
It's about giving.
Giving yourself over to somebody.
Becoming one
with somebody else. forever.
And that's...
That's a beautiful thing.
That's surrender.
That's love.
And how many people
are in this community?
Not many.
The one percent of the one percent.
You know. there's nothing
these people can't afford. right?
They want the one thing
that no one else has
or can get.
And that's where I come in.
I can get it for them.
I made a name for myself.
Is it only women that you eat?
Yeah.
Why?
That's where the market is.
Plus. women just taste better.
So...
I cooked us something.
If you're open to trying it.
Is it...
Is it me?
No.
We'll have a bite together.
This meal is about $30.000.
That's crazy.
Be a lot more if she was still alive.
Hope.
That was her name.
Kinda funny.
It's kinda funny.
Stupid.
It's not what I expected.
It's. um...
It's indescribable.
Thank you. Steve.
You're welcome. Noa.
You know how I knew
you were special?
'Cause you're fucked up. too.
All right. Let's go.
Noa!
Penny. Yeah?
That definitely
didn't sound like Melissa.
Yeah.
Sounds like someone new.
You know. the other night.
I was thinking
about how nice
it's been to talk to you.
But then I was like.
what if you're not real...
...and I'm just going crazy?
Like Melissa.
But I feel like if I had
an imaginary friend.
I wouldn't name her Noa.
It'd be. like...
Sean Connery.
I wish I could see you.
Me. too.
I have something for you.
Go ahead.
Open it.
Do you like it?
It's pink.
I love it.
Thank you.
Maybe you can wear it
tonight and. uh.
we can have dinner again.
Yeah. Okay.
I'll pick you up at 7:00.
I have no idea what time it is.
I know.
Sure.
Maybe you can freshen up.
Well. hello.
Hi.
I see we've made it
to the dinner table.
Yes. we have.
Is. um...?
Is this a date. Steve?
Maybe it is.
- Ooh.
- Well...
All right.
It's gonna be an interesting night.
Yeah.
It is.
Great.
Let's get drunk.
I was thinking about
what you said that night.
About growing up alone and all.
Made me realize nobody's
ever really cooked for you.
And that made me sad.
Everyone has to have
someone cook for them once.
Pate.
Liver.
And garlic and rosemary.
- Mmm.
I do taste the garlic.
Definitely. Whoa.
You can make it next time.
Just the way you like it.
Who's this?
- This?
- Mmm.
This is Melissa.
Melissa.
I mean. that's so boring.
Isn't it?
Like. she...
She tastes so. you know. decadent...
and her name's Melissa.
Well...
Thought you were gonna
say something. you know. like.
Joy.
Guess we finished all of Hope.
Oh. no.
there's more Hope left.
Did Melissa ever get a candlelit dinner?
Welcome to my world.
The clients wanna
feel closer to the women.
They become a part of you in some way.
There's Melissa.
And no. she never had
a candlelight dinner.
Where is my stuff?
With me. I guess.
All right. come on.
There's more to eat.
We never did make it
to Cottage Grove. did we?
That's too bad.
It's really serene out there.
Really makes me wanna hug a tree.
Anyway. who knows?
Maybe we could still go.
Okay. so this is. uh.
breast meat.
And it's. um. it's really nice.
It's fatty and subtle.
I don't know.
It might even be familiar.
What?
- No. it's...
- Is it...?
No. it's. uh...
It's just stupid.
- No. no. no. go ahead.
- No. I can't.
Come on.
You gotta tell me.
No. it's just. um...
You saved the breast till last.
Oh. my God.
That was. um...
That's good.
This is really nice. Steve. You know?
You're right. no one has ever
cooked for me. so...
It's not quite
how I pictured it.
but. you know. it's... It is nice.
Yeah.
She's got better tits than me.
You're not disagreeing?
- No. it's not...
- Thanks. Steve.
- I wasn't saying that.
- Thanks a lot. Steve.
What's...?
Um...
Sorry.
Sorry. it's just...
Um. it's just...
It is really nice.
And it's...
It's...
all just so confusing.
And I can't quite process...
...'cause I feel awful.
I feel...
awful.
'Cause...
'Cause I don't... I don't feel awful.
Fuck.
Hey. come here.
Noa.
Hey.
It's okay.
It's all gonna be okay.
You're just different.
And I knew it
from the moment I met you.
I forgot to handcuff you.
Yeah.
You did.
Do you wanna dance?
Yeah.
Yeah. I do.
Fuck!
You fuck!
Oh. God!
Come on. come on.
You fucking bitch.
Hurry.
Goddamn it. Noa!
You fucking bitch!
I'm gonna cut your heart out!
Oh. my God. Mollie.
Are you okay? Are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
Hey. come on. come on. Okay.
- Oh. fuck.
- Give me your hand.
What is wrong with you?
I can't tell you right now. but I will.
Put those on. I'll be right back!
Where are you going?
Penny? Oh. my God. Penny!
Are you okay?
It's so good to finally see you.
Mollie! Mollie!
- Noa?
- Mollie. come help!
- Noa? Oh. my God.
- Come on. we gotta go.
- Are you okay?
- Mmm-hmm. Yes.
You good?
Oh. shit!
Oh. fuck.
Mollie. Mollie.
Mollie.
- Come here.
- No. No!
Where do you think
you're going. Noa. huh?
Where do you think you're going?
Think you're going somewhere?
You're not gonna fucking leave.
Fuck.
No!
We gotta get
the fuck outta here.
Fuck.
Naw. son. this shit is creepy as fuck.
I must've taken a wrong turn back there.
This some bullshit.
Whoa.
Come on. Mollie.
Where you at?
How the fuck did he get you?
I was trying to find you.
but I found him.
I knew shit was off.
I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
You guys are so cute.
Oh. fuck! Oh. shit.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
We gotta get up.
I'm gonna pick you up.
Noa!
Oh. fuck.
Oh. this fucking guy!
Fuck.
Noa!
You lied to me!
I'm gonna kill all you fucking bitches!
Watch out! He has a gun!
Naw. fuck this shit.
We gotta split up.
We gotta zigzag.
Fuck.
Come on. man. we seen this movie.
We don't make it out this bitch alive.
you know this.
GPS got me twisted and shit.
Noa!
I'm sorry!
Okay? I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
Is that what you want me to say?
Huh?
Get a flashlight.
Go ahead.
you keep on fucking hiding.
You keep on fucking hiding!
Stupid fucking weak
pussy-ass fucking bitches.
That's what you are.
Fucking bitches.
Come on!
Fuck.
Hey. you fucking half-dick!
Pig!
Come on.
Give me a smile.
Fuck.
We did it. okay? We're safe.
Penny. are you okay?
Fuck!
I don't have any signal.
Oh. shit.
I left my phone.
- Okay. you stay with Penny.
- What?
- You goin' back out there?
- I gotta get my phone.
Look. come right the fuck back. okay?
Okay.
- For real.
- I will.
Come here.
Hmm.
We need to clean this up.
Yes. ma'am.
Let's get his body on ice.
Come on. come on.
Yes. Yes.
- Oh. my God. you got him.
- What?
I thought this would never end.
You got him.
Who are you?
Thank you.
We're free now. right?
- What?
- Thank you. Thank you.
Anything?
Nothing.
Oh. fuck.
What the hell is that?
I wanna watch your life slip away.
You fucking cunt!
Mollie! Mollie!
I asked you for help!
Bitches like you are the fucking problem!
Who the...
Who the hell is that?
Steve's wife.
What?
He's married?
Was... Was married.
I fucking love you. Mollie.
I love you more.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today